Primary: #4a6b7e
Secondary: #7e5d4a

Triadic:
#7e4a6b
#6b7e4a

Analogous
#4a517e
#4a7e77

Monochrome
#2e424e
#37505e
#415d6e
#4a6b7e
#53798e
#5d869e
#6c92a9

BV:
We're a tough guy.

BV is an LLC I oversee whom's activities include investing in
start-ups, supporting tech dev, and providing general data science
consulting.

Granular Spending:
See where the US Federal Government spends tax dollars at the
contractor level

The US Government spends on the order of $1 Trillion per year. This
money flows through contracts to a wide variety of entities. Per
compliance laws, these contracts must be documented and the spend
shared with the public. However, the final destination of these
dollars can be somewhat obscured since the contracts usually list home
locations and not spend locations. This project uses a novel technique
to make a best guess at where contract dollars are spent by a
contractor. The technique involves aggregating data on all named
contractors, crawling for data on contractor projects, and then using
a machine learning model to predict expended spend per
state/county/zip.

US Political Attitudes Toward Science:
Quantify the history of Congressional voting on science education

What does the language of every bill ever presented in post-WWII US
Congressional sessions or committees (House and Senate) tell us about
political party attitudes toward science and science education? Are
there correlations between these attitudes, their change change in
time, and long-term US federal, state, and local economic health? What
about the relationship of these attitudes with voter socioeconomic
status on the national, state, and local levels? This project aims to
answer these questions, and others, in a statistically significant way
using the words of Congresspeople as they are presented in the US
Archives.

I'm Human First:
Crowdsourcing upward mobility

I’m Human First (IHF), Inc. is a non-profit, non-partisan enterprise
that aims to provide socioeconomic upward mobility to homeless
American citizens through crowdsourcing of resources needed to achieve
self-sustainment.

Snipe Tracker:
An end to lost luggage

Snipe is a real-time luggage tracker built on the Arduino
platform. The device fits in the palm of your hand, runs on a USB
rechargeable 72 hrs battery, and quietly connects to any cellular
network worldwide to tell you where it is. Luggage will never be lost
again as long as Snipe is along for the ride.